And in the day's other news:
It turns out that there was
an eighth person present when
Donald Trump Jr. met with a
Russian lawyer last summer.
The Washington Post
and others identify the
person as Ike Kaveladze.
He works for the Russian
real estate developer whose
son suggested the meeting.
The president's son
acknowledges that he
accepted because damaging
information was promised
on Hillary Clinton.
Reports this evening say that
President Trump and Russian
President Vladimir Putin had a
second meeting at the G20 summit
in Paris earlier this month.
That is in addition to the
more-than-two-hour session they
held that was widely publicized.
The second meeting had not
been disclosed previously.
The U.S. Treasury Department
slapped new sanctions
today on 18 individuals
and groups tied to
Iran's ballistic
missile program.
It came hours after the State
Department again certified
that Iran is complying with the
letter of its nuclear deal,
but not with the spirit.
We will have a full report
later in the program.
In Eastern Ukraine,
Russian-backed separatists
have proclaimed the
formation of a new state.
Rebel leaders said today that
the new state will include
areas they already control and
ultimately the rest of Ukraine.
But Ukrainian President
Poroshenko, during
a visit to Georgia,
dismissed the declaration
and called the separatists
puppets of Russia.
PETRO POROSHENKO, Ukrainian
President: They are
not political figures.
We are confident that we
reintegrate the Donbass,
we reintegrate the Crimea,
and we renew sovereignty
and territorial integrity,
no matter what Russia said.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The announcement
casts more doubt on the
future of the 2015 cease-fire.
China warned today of an all-
out confrontation with India
in a growing border dispute in
the Himalayas.
Each side accuses the other
of building up troops along a
contested region between China
and Bhutan, an ally of India.
The confrontation flared
recently after Indian
troops stopped Chinese
workers from building
a road in the area.
Back in this country, officials
today dropped two high-profile
cases involving shootings
by police.
A Cincinnati prosecutor
announced that he will not retry
former university policeman
Ray Tensing for a third time.
Tensing was accused of murder
and manslaughter in the killing
of a black motorist, Sam Dubose,
during a traffic stop.
Two previous trials
ended in hung juries.
JOE DETERS, Prosecutor: After
discussing this matter with
multiple jurors, both black and
white, and they have, to a
person, said to us that we
will never get a conviction in
this case.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Separately,
in Albuquerque, New Mexico,
federal prosecutors closed the
civil rights investigation
into the death of James Boyd,
a homeless man killed by police
in 2014.
They cited lack of evidence.
California's signature climate
initiative will stay in force
through at least the year
2030.
State lawmakers voted
on Monday to extend the
cap-and-trade program.
It limits carbon emissions
and lets polluters trade
or buy emissions permits.
The program had been
set to end in 2020.
On Wall Street today, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
55 points to close at 21574.
The Nasdaq rose nearly
30 points, and the S&P
500 added one point.
And there's word that
China is censoring Winnie
the Pooh on social media.
It is aimed at comic
comparisons of the pudgy bear
with President Xi Jinping.
The forbidden list now includes
widely circulated images of Xi
strolling with then-President
Obama in 2013 juxtaposed with
Winnie the Pooh and Tigger,
and, from 2014, Xi shaking hands
with Japanese Prime
Minister Abe, alongside an
image of Pooh and Eeyore.
Who knew?